Update logic of global setting for disconnected server (#1153)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_disabling-subscription-connection.adoc

[id="disabling-subscription-connection_{context}"]
= Disabling Subscription Connection

> Disable subscription connection on {ProjectServer} to avoid attempts to consume content from the Red Hat Content Delivery Network (CDN).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a disconnected server disable subscription connection on {ProjectServer} to avoid connecting to the Red Hat Portal. This will prevent you from refreshing the manifest, updating upstream entitlements and ability to change SCA status.
```

> Disable subscription connection on {ProjectServer} to avoid attempts to consume content from the Red Hat Content Delivery Network (CDN).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a disconnected server disable subscription connection on {ProjectServer} to avoid connecting to the Red Hat Portal. This will prevent you from refreshing the manifest, updating upstream entitlements and ability to change SCA status.
```
